[Music] they
published
universal
[Music]
to dig
because it had been
removed
[Music]
for me
to me
what this track is
for me is my dream
[Music]
my sorrow
[Music] [Music
]
to finish
[Music]
I'm going to look at the sleeve
I gave it to myself extras [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
here I knew
everything
[Music] [
Music]
and I as a man give up
because
[Music]
and that's it
[Applause] I
don't know
anything
about that
[Music]
no
one or the other
in its
entirety
[Music]
is
nothing
[Music]
[Applause]
of nothing
how
is captain of the same
next to the
comrade
[Music]
my
studies
[Music]
i
[Applause]
[Music]
good afternoon how is my family
how are you current well today there is salt I
know today you are the CEO I
was literally here working in televisions to the
CEO and on the main channel you have a
video on the main channel today
I am also trying to upload a video every day eye eye
but well if it is every day
as long as I come up with a good,
powerful and complete video okay it is helping me
the team to gather information
and so on no then today there is a video
today there is a video about Johnny Depp
again okay today in a video just about
Johnny Depp I don't know what time
Rich will have it for me and I am going to record a video but
tomorrow's I think is for the honor
because it is going to be about the Marta
Riesco issue in which she is messing around with the
supposed call from Rocío
there we are okay she is working hard well as
always well as always
where do you find so much time well doing a
thousand things at once and things at the same time
because well  I have children and I stop a lot, I
mean, I stop with the child to eat, I stop
with the child for a while in the morning I also
stop now I'm going to go down with the
family I send finish this live that's why
today's live I fit it in at
this time
because maybe at night then I won't be
able to because maybe at
night I have to do the one on Tele Salcedo I
have to serve the main channel but
anyway the important thing as long as you have
content and above all for all
audiences it's okay not to abandon it your honor or
abandon the kids
trying to deal with things but well
but well as I like it okay if
one day I don't upload the main video it's
because there is no topic or I haven't had
time to prepare or in one day for
example the Johnny Depp topic would
give me 7 videos a day but it's that
in what I had arguing with Juanito
the strangers because he put me there is a pullita we
solve it later I don't know what well he made
a bit of a mistake the truth was he made
a bit of a mistake and Shakira got a
but I recommend the
manitos channel there to be
informed at the moment on that subject
because he has the channel right now
turned and focused on that topic I don't know
well how could it be despite
supporting but I don't hear a noise you
hear a noise let's see is that
rico told me this to record the video the
main channel
but I don't know what the cell phone is right it's
when I put the cell phone nearby to see I
want to hear it I darmón second
finally I want to hear it nearby to
see I
want to hear it I darmón second
finally I want to hear it nearby to
see
listen to it I
and here is the cell phone nearby I'm
going to remove the cell phone and I think they are the
headphones guys the headphones I'm not
lying the speakers the speakers
here it is now it's like an
interference here it is now he's going to
need the cell phone
are I think I think he finds the key I
think it is he has
taken us it
remains the same
and what do I do let's
see I'm going to try one thing continue it's
as if it were the light
it's as if it were the light
for a second it's that it's that
I don't know what it
really does anymore is that I bought what I bought it
always fails me all there is back in
real life
and what is it
now it's removed
but not in real life I don't  I hear it is
heard in the no no no no no it is not the
PC fan none of that because
here it is not heard, I mean it is heard in the
recording it is still the
same
now it is still
somewhat fixed
if it continues god let's
see the key would be that if I
remove the microphone if it continues to be
heard no
hello hello hello hello okay let's see I'm going to
try
when I remove the microphone the
noise goes
away when I remove the microphone the noise goes away damn man
the microphone is bad I say it I don't
have the box or anything
or if I have it I don't know if I have it and
everything I buy
man the microphone is worth 500 bucks it's almost all I
buy everything I
buy my god I can
buy the best equipment in the world the
best microphone in the world of speakers I bought
whatever I
bought man let's see or let's see if the microphone wait hello hello hello it's the microphone is the microphone man ah it's the microphone god [Music] everything that I understood everything that I understood all a putt the [ __ ] most expensive microphone on the market right now I mean
all
of [ __ ] I bought this [ __ ]
what warranty will it have look let's see
if I find it I do who says it's the microphone wait stop wait for pear that I'm remembering one thing but but wait I'm thinking I already know what can happen look I know what it is they don't happen to the microphone wait hello hello hello in this red gadget, the one that you
buy with the microphone, this little gadget,
the
sound card is not called that,
I was already
thinking about one of the guys' monitors
it's that everything goes wrong for me in life, it's always wrong no matter what I
buy
and as I say, the
[ __ ] microphone has come defective it's always bm thank you very much
the blue jet and when I bought it
the blue jet and now there won't be alerts
because I don't have one but I'll give you
your look when I bought it it gave [ __ ]
problems it
gave points problem
and I had to leave it I bought my daughter the
google for television so that she could
see the google television so that she
could have Disney plan and all that I
had to change it I was
going to throw it away I wasn't going to
fight or with the three monitors
literally my life is very hard
family my life is very hard with
technology okay my life is very hard
well whatever you continue being I mean
for example juanito right now has
his content dedicated exclusively to the
trial it
requires a lot it doesn't require being
aware of the entire trial instantly
the trial I think they are broadcasting it in
English of course he knows English I have to
wait for the information to be translated
a little during the day anyway I go I
go a little slower I don't go for the day but for
the amador I upload you the next day what to
talk about before I
prefer to do it more calmly like
I have on the main channel okay
and he does it more like news as
I am not interested in the ceo okay I
can't allow myself nor do I want to
abandon all the topics and focus on
one topic okay because because it is a
temporary topic I mean it is a topic that is
temporary and when it ends you know
then I always want to find the
balance with the topic of the moment but
without leaving the rest of the public without
content no because everyone maybe
won't be interested in the
content time so it's true that it has
been very good for me because listen the truth is that
the latest videos from the main channel let's
see let's  take a look
lately the main channel we're
doing word of mouth not as I
call it not
the web word of mouth do
you want that no the last few days having
as if they should be better but well it should be
better but well we are improving it is
improving
well be that as long as it goes like that it serves me okay
to eat today is the
interesting day reflection I'm going to put it
here too
and
what happens my kids well I don't know if
I'm aware today well let's see if
the 11th ends Dario this the vowels don't
come on the u is missing
because it would be
or not
thank you very much liquor and for those 500
scholarships given mentioning the vowels very
interesting the truth is it has changed our
lives your vowels family what I said okay
we have well those of you who are watching on
YouTube subscribe and all the roll okay
subscribe it is completely free and
I am aware of everything always follow
apart from the rest of the channels that I have
okay but at least that is
watching this on YouTube and likes a
subscribe button we are about to
reach well I don't know how much but we have
a page called my kids
dotcom which is a forum that the truth is
today is the  day I
love it when you do direct to this
now I can listen to you while I work
red heart at this time people
people the truth
now seriously I just wanted to thank you
for the few chapters of London I had a
lot of fun with your role efe efe for the
few chapters few but intense okay they
were few but very intense they were
few but very intense
listen to me family me kids dotcom
lately dehiba I don't know if they take you around
here at this time but well if not you will
see received lately I am
noticing that people are getting
into the forum in a more active way and in
many more topics okay right now there are
21 people online right now and online
in the forum twenty-one people well I don't
know if this would be in the forum or in the whole
page because the whole page is the forum
the other tv and the others to the seo which is
three is the portal is made up of the forum
me kids where you can get in here
to talk about all the growth that
people get into to talk about everything minecraft
for night football
Argentina feminism Spain box we can like
this  I like that there is everything
horror movies 'operación triunfo' clan pantoja
on the island of temptation everything is
allowed it is here to talk about everything with the
entire community and you are
even creating communities within the forum
between which you are gossiping and you
have your own topics
forums about and vice and now within the
device forum well writing that open
the topics and you are very worried about
london and now it gets in here and you are there
chatting about the subject okay great that's what we
created it for you well
I have made a [ __ ] of the VAT but
well that
was the idea for okay a forum where you
can be there freely the game
with freedom of expression but the
moment that someone reports a
message to us or we realize that someone
puts some rudeness or something that is
out of the box we
handle it in a forum with respect
with education to have a good time when
we see you in arcadia
no no no no arcadia they have not invited me they have
not invited it does not attract my
attention I do not know if I would make the effort if they
invited me to learn it but it is not
like gta that the  true that GTA really
caught my attention that's why I
wanted to go in it's a shame to leave
because I like GTA we wouldn't have had a
super good time let's say the 3 days we
were we didn't have a super good time okay
the forum go through the forum link the
forum link is my kids at point
with all together my kids dotcom
and now once inside the forum you have
the other TV
which is a TV news page
fantastic spectacular
spectacular okay spectacular here in
color it is in and fuchsia not blue or anything
it's here in
neutral objective news and always looking for the
truth okay here you have what
just happened for example between Jorge
Javier and Marta Riesgo how well she got the
hours of life that you [ __ ] brutal the
design of the other TV and they go
and then we are starting
the others to the SEO
that the others to the CEO it's news from the
salsa
what empire does Javi have little by little
news from the salsa
eye I have taken a look and London is very
boring I have
no idea because since I have left well I am
not aware of what is being
done and what is  surrounding
today we're going to talk about a salsa dancer from the
depths
news of sars eo family
brutal brutal
and I came across this news her life
14 hours ago no to gameplay highly
criticized on social networks for a tweet
okay brenda tweet it's not written like that but
well little by little
lately it seems that the followers don't
give the Mexican streamer eric a break
gameplay it hasn't even been 24 hours
since the last case when another one falls on her it is
understood that ari must have received complaints
regarding the amount of time
the commercials last in her stream
because she made the decision to tweet from
large messages a huge hug I remind you that
if you can't subscribe you can
enjoy the stream for free and support us by
watching the commercials we appreciate that you
don't complain and watch them to support that
people complain about the
ads coming out in elche
look at me me when me if someone
listens to me it's that I don't know what about these
things because my audience I don't have it
well explained man what we have to
eat not like
who can be a member like
brandon just renewed who can
be a member or subs in  tweets are
[ __ ] awesome awesome because the [ __ ] you
give us life okay now whoever can't
eats the ads
thanks Caribe for renewing for eight months
Caribe for
eight months had to pass because it puts you
eight times do you understand me I mean but
nothing happens obviously
absolutely nothing happens hey who can
become a member [ __ ] awesome it's very
cheap I have it set at the minimum
price how much does it cost karime 90
cents
90 cents to that member hello
I'm a new smiling face I saw you on
youtube I met you through Dallas and here I
am x of well thank you very much zk
catis is sad
zk tri I met you for giving a
big hug and today and a big hug
also for the Dallas community that does
n't need it yet New York
New York I don't know if it's back yet okay
family I mean super cheap I
made it super cheap because I prefer that
a lot more people can become
members
because
the thing is I prefer that
a lot more people become members I think right now
we are like two thousand members Javier
Canijo
and here in your daughter right now a little bit  it's
a little bit and I think I have 300 subs it's
back okay wire I had activated the
subscriptions in tweets that there are
problems and we can't subscribe or
buy bits well bits and why are they
sending bits you can't subscribe
let's go you can subscribe
90 cents in less than a coffee I already talked
hyper but if I put it like this look at
you what it leaves measures 90 cents that will
arrive 40
of which the treasury takes half okay
decade go up to live I keep
20 cents
but I prefer it to be there are members all
worth 20 cents literally I had never thought about it
literally I keep 20 cents of the sub
life
was bits and they can calibrate and tevez in
tortilla landós I think that would be very
interesting tortilla if he invited me without a doubt and he
sees me back thank you very much tortillas
without a doubt if he invited me simple I would be
but I think that is more I
think no no no I have followed him far from
dealing with the issues of the sanse milestone  but I
think it's more exclusive that
the people who have more
confidence among them are invited, more friendship, I wouldn't
say no, yes it's true that
although I have a cordiality at school
with some and such
friendship and I think that they invite each other
among the most friends it
's not too
immaculate three months successes affections
as terms they receive and love the six
scales that you don't miss anything a
huge kiss I always see you
why don't you raise the price of the SUV well
expensive so that people so that more
people get it well bros because if I
raise it to five euros which is the next
price although I think there is an option
that you can also raise it you also
have the option to do it or for five not for
five not for three euros but if I
put it at 90 cents surely almost
everyone will join whoever wants and can
today there are people who can't even pay
90 cents it's not a problem but don't
complain about the ads men if there were
no ads if there was no
advertising
what would we do here understand me despite the fact
that the message has a lot of support
from their most loyal followers I have
also  received a lot
of criticism since they don't have money
for
[Music]
the series happy that it's been a while since I
saw you around here gorgeous the old feet
string since she is a streamer okay the
kids but since she is a streamer
we don't notice okay and she just
gave a sub to karime so that I don't know
what she takes affection
thank you very much welcome to the tambos
heavy
the email and the whatsapp
thank you very much
the whatsapp and I have to abandon email
to the site that you told me but I don't know I did
n't remember
[Music]
thanks for giving away those five sus atrix
kiss león already good afternoon read but
león it just makes me really angry because it is
always strong its 200 visited but it doesn't
tell us anything if I don't come out león already tell us what you have
eaten tell us what you have
eaten if I don't come out okay I
remind you that it is a stream that
lives off the people asks them not to complain or
indirectly to subscribe I do not
think it is serious that this type of complaints
came out that when people complain that
people want to charge for their
work today like hate but because they
annoyed I mean because it bothers you not
because you think people don't get paid
[Music]
Thank you so much sweetheart Thank you so much
to Dieguito for giving that amount
to Caro since there are problems with you today the
real problem is first if I don't
today for I just remembered the tweed not
objective that was super make me
insult you can you let go I'm going to let you
go he's a [ __ ] [ __ ]
Javi honey since I started the
psychology degree I don't have time for anything
but in June I'll be back I love you red heart
Thank you so much more scared the alert
because that window the alert of the
1,000 videos always ring and I believed I
swear I believed that wow that I
left the disk open what
had been said to me right how different it
seems to me a heavy kiss gorgeous we
miss you when you can come back
you know that he's at home
the truth is that it was the support because it's that
real yesterday the 1st was payday payday
there are times that these people I'm going to
depend on you know it depends but
yesterday I paid the editors to Hayden
for the  miniature I don't know what no and
look at you, I always
try to make them happy, I round up
a little bit what we have
agreed upon depending on how the month has gone if
you see me here army everything more I want to
pay you there is a collection day I don't know what
because they never tell me anything I
have to pay you and
this scoundrel appears to me as a joke but at
night the accounts are presented this
was at noon that I spoke to them and this was
at night okay example
next to the morning he sent me a meme and it
says and the bills
and the bills
what a bill of the scoundrel
what bills
but this seems incredible to me the
shamelessness of the notes
and the bills
too much that I am giving you work experience too much
that I am giving you work experience it
is
incredible in total that it takes and the holiness
a little bit to leave and with this no first if I do
not support you with a sub it is because I do not
want to I cannot
if he does not want perfect hey perfect and if you
can't more perfect still and second
if we complain about the commercials it is
because unlike television if they
put five commercials in a row
you have already missed half plastic of the string
asks for it  and he is right in my opinion and really
those who support the least are the ones who
complain the most about any nonsense
to escape from five ads in a row
on tui they don't put you I don't know I think they
put you I do
n't know if they put two
you confirm because I'm not
going to say it like that because I don't I don't
have it very but I
think they put 2 when you enter not
[Music]
but well but what is the reason for this honor
Mr. Frank Cuesta what is the reason for
this honor
and here if you are now that you are you are
now here frank a
big hug a big hug to frank
cuesta and to my meerkats meerkat who are
the beast well I don't
know if frank will let me know next week this
week not because we are at the fair
but we are going I don't know if frank will let me know
this week next week we will go see it
but a hug Nadal me frank thank you very much
for those five sushi congratulations
to vi cercado to chelo adam and motor to
giuseppe like that and to everything huge kiss frank
we send you from here and if there is someone
who is not  still subscribed to
frank cuesta's channel you're wasting your time
5 ads it's telling me that
5 ads appear
seven ads every five minutes
that's impossible
look at the minimum the minimum that lets you
post tweets it is
said that there are d no no no no no no it was
announced as a topic to come out
how are you going to leave six ads
kid it
has never happened to me in my [ __ ]
life that I get six ads I'm going to
put in a channel that I'm not subscribed to
anyone to anyone hahaha
any literally anyone because right
now I don't think I have a
subscription to any see mind in the
dallas
what are they called
ah
remember the bug in French and it
's probably a bichon in a tailcoat of course
with stray dogs why not
think about ads what I
speak here it works in tweet
yes working
[Music]
7 of 15 what are you talking about kids
what are you talking about
[Music]
I speak in your and it doesn't work you have not gone
towards the exit it does not
depend on the creator's contract some
created ones serve that putting 15 minutes of
fairies for now I know that they
have to put it depending on
the contract but for me they come out  23 no 33 I do
n't think so, I
get 1 2
but 68 of you are lying to me,
tell me something true, man, I don't want
people who stay watching the
live to be left with false information,
like 6 ads, if you know that has
happened to me 7 out of 15, it
hasn't happened
to me, always two
have like their differences for us apps
announced six ads for a while and six
ads every five minutes
the minimum is every eight in tweets every eight
minutes an ad is put on
seven ads seven ads in a row
every eight minutes
so you don't watch electricity you have to
find a balance
because it depends on the country and I get
seven ads I live in the USA
to get serious or maybe going down to
34 like some others do, clear clear
if there are 78 it looks like
clear TV above all the problem is that you will see that
the ads do not come out the
problem is that it
continues well because YouTube when it is a
video
and then when it is a video or you are
watching it delayed also the problem
is that I do not know for the video the
live that you are watching stops but the
problem is with tweets  what do you stop why do
you miss a piece of the live of course if you
're talking about something you're
talking about some [ __ ] there's a
big part
you do your thing lion you see or gorgeous
kisses thank you so much for the live you
miss a lot of course let's see if I tell you
or I mean the Nerva team
announced the announcement we have to put it
now we have to find a balance so
that it doesn't become annoying
so that people don't ask for stress
more than anything okay
so that people don't look at each other more than
anything okay
then maybe they were smoking
they're forming a little because well it's
not like a cover it's not like a hey please
more than a cigar it wouldn't be like a hey
finally
and the other day they were also
attacking her a lot
for something that sent me here to
leave in a second that the wta
after what just hit me the strong air
now is the time
for the issue of this photo it's not a photo
of her showing us
the copy she
took a photo showing us well it's
getting stronger
okay let's say and people ask for the my my
pride vip I
don't know if it will happen my pride but my
cousin my cousin was a live communion,
well it is owned by the company
owned by the fdp okay and there he stopped
doing it when the thing with the bed happened
my most beautiful bed, the one thing they did a
lot with me in the plane, they messed with us
with ar and like look we spent time with your
girlfriend I don't know what I don't know how much
and well I wouldn't have seen it I
'm being honest okay
I see an error jj when I hear that
you can put 30 ads every five
minutes on tweet astonished face
a kiss now
here we are a Christian channel
Enrique here things and the girl
are getting stronger
the thing is getting stronger that I don't know if she
sits down a lot doing that
and her partner one of the worst since unt
to hubble and beira in tweets I got 4
every 20 minutes greedy grandfather so I
had to subscribe there was no
other choice x of her seriously that happens to me in
ibai although the solution would be for them to
see the live when it ends
javi is it possible 7 ads and the blog is
usually lage art a lot the stream
he spoke about Syria but I have to have
the  since
[Music]
literally I the videos the
tidy gentleman I use it for work okay no I don't
put myself here when when I go to watch
videos for pleasure I watch them on TV on
the TV here the living room the TV in
bed and obviously there's a hell
new on the cell phone but here on the
computer if working then if
we react to clips it's
not good that meta ads jump
that I'm reacting to videos here the
live ones many times we see clicks and
videos that
familiar me no I already told him at the
time I don't think it's right at all that you take off
my pride or my cousin if you feel
comfortable doing it and they do it because you feel like it
and because you like
doing it okay I maybe can't stand it I don't
know if I would stand it or so
because we're going to continue 0 one thing is that
you're not going to get into
[Music]
on plates and ccoo one thing is not to be
toxic
but another thing is
that content okay because the truth is the
content was very risqué
I don't know if I would stand it if my partner
did that
but another thing is that you have already
met her doing in the future allow
that you don't care it
was very very
strong content or rather very strong very uploaded very very very
uploaded and very very
uploaded you know is how funk reads us
so if you feel good
doing it youtube
your partner doesn't mind it doesn't seem wrong to them
and that's how you want to do it
but remove it for the people not
remove it for the people no that you
want to remove it because you don't like
doing it anymore because your partner doesn't feel
uncomfortable
for your partner yes of course the truth
Julia thank you very much
but if you want to do it in case you are
going to do it because of the pressure and the
insults from the people not the people who [ __ ] them
or I mean you are earning
your money and your things at the expense of your
body which is yours and if your partner
agrees or I mean I am a
person that what people say I don't give a
damn because in the end my life
is only mine of my wife of my children and at
most my parents and my sister I
also care about in the family closer
to the night of great serum but but what
people give me a damn I keep the
affection with the people who support me
obviously from friends and from my
followers but but from the criticism and
from the people who hate me and from the people
who are envious hello my boyfriend today
we have to talk about socas greetings from
Peru
today we have to talk about that here you know what you
think about the subject because I have my
doubt I don't know if I see it that strong it is a
little rude but well now
we will talk about it okay so why do they
call me rude again just
for uploading photos he is to see
photos in lingerie no eh
okay photos I have seen girls who upload
photos in lingerie
okay I am not criticizing anyone who
upload photos in lingerie it
would be good if I had a good
body maybe I would do it too if I
entered and if you are telling me that I am going to
have three thousand followers on orly fa
maybe I will even do it you understand let's
see
everyone can do what they want I am
not criticizing it I do not see anything wrong with it
the only thing they are going to say rude to you
were not photos in lingerie they were videos and they were
very risqué very very very
risqué
so you have to know a little about what it
has  that to ignore those comments that
content you know you know that
who demands not that content
is that I already told you they were not photos they were not
photos simply photos in lingerie they were
louder more risqué they were
videos and louder more sounds more risqué
okay I can't describe
much but
but take them off because the people of
July thank you very much because people
criticize you well no if you take them off because
you want to well you take them off
because you want to you know and there are
many people insulting her in these photos
god is in this video
and how
[ __ ] it is that no I don't know if I can read
this the truth
if you want to read light of okay
people are very descriptive it
is not true in a way it is a compliment
inmaculada thank you very much sweetheart
for that puppy
in a way it is a compliment okay
but well
what do you think
that is why you know
well the response from diesel or from maipú
are worse the comments are
closed according to dyn we
give according to andrei that the hills
ramón today is the day
javi open an only fans for the
ladies
turns him into the justin  bieber of the
ladies i
thought that today
the lady shows her face it could be
my future it's already [ __ ] the
controversies
that's true but some videos if they
were a little x of having was it
was a
wait I can't see the answer
there is of I have had good reflexes I have had
good reflexes
he had good reflexes here
what's up
powerful video today is the day
javi you become an only fans and I subscribe for
the whole year
yes but the thing is that there are many of you who just talk
you guys are very much about talk and
then you leave me stranded you know in the
end the live there are many things what
happens is that they get leaked in the end
everyone has it for free
okay then
[Music]
so i'm still waiting for people to
subscribe and for us to reach
3,000 members again here in the youth
okay because right now 6 almost equal to
more or less 1000 thousand and some change sir hurt was
throwing leria in member when we reach
3000 you will already have credibility let's
see family there has been a funa of
chocas
in the last hour there
has been a leak towards  the chocas I'm
going to put the clip on you I have my
doubt I have my
doubt I'm going to put the clip on you
Celine don't throw it away I'm going to put the clip on you it
was a very xd era
and the case is very fast I'm going to put the
clip on you I'm
going to put the click okay we'll talk about it
those days to see what it could be eye
gosh drop in swaps
that I would like it too I tell you
16,700 but wow down nano it's
better if she had a vibrator in her
vagina
looking imagining those who have a
vibrator in their vagina or in their ass I
hate she starts eating on the train with the
microphone here
bro
but
poor thing first because she hired a
bodyguard and now this point by the
way it won't let me become a member
disappointed face well why doesn't it let you
my aunts could be her hanger can she
leave my member there
are some countries where you can't I
think but it surprises me that you can't and
her hanger could be missing she
starts eating with the microphone or hasn't she
canceled
the truth a bit of the miserable I don't
even like eating live I do
n't like it or  eating live I
think I've never eaten live I do
n't know if maybe when it says 12
hours I got to eat live I got away
from the camera I don't
like
- because are you going to record because we're going to be working on you
that seal [ __ ] doesn't stop charging
every time he opens his mouth it's to
dirty things let's
see it's a little comment it's not
a borderline comment
in a borderline comment
vaccinate them let's see it's a joke
obviously it's a joke he's making
a joke that the way he laughs at
her it seems like he's with a
vibe di stuck there because they put
the two options the clash hasn't been
very descriptive
it's a joke
more borderline more unpleasant however you want
to form it I don't know man it would
bother me if you made this joke to
your girlfriend your sister or something
how do you see it you have to see the situation also
because more there and thank you very much
welcome to the family no thank you for
renewing for eight months no what a guy more
unpleasant than chopo the chocas go
to urgent therapy sick you don't need
professional help I bought
less virgin olive oil it's that the chocas ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha it's tower  that's
good
what a disgusting guy the crash what's going to be
the crash oh my goodness what a sense of humor no the
weather is creepy horrible
thank you very much Julio
as I say again the haters attacking the
crash for a click taken out of context if you
had been in the string I would be
quiet you guys will continue watching
while he has a million
euro apartment in Spain oh
my goodness let's
see the one with the saber
I know the truth is it is desirable that
a man does it to a lady maybe I don't
know I don't know what to say on this occasion yes it
is true that I understand everything it's a
joke I understand that he is not insulting her it
is unpleasant
[Music]
I would say that it is nice
thank you very much for this gift I
appreciate it very much you have so that you are well
now to fail them team swallow your
heart many many thanks well I am going
to comment a little what happened
today with the foundation
because well they are trying to found me
again because of a comment that I made yesterday
that now I will put it for you that I do not know if
the kid who put it because the kid who
is taken out of happy
comments like did not understand and that
was  doing was fighting for a
good cause against drugs is that
you have taken the comment out of context
absolutely man I saw the photo and it was
a kid he looked like a very
young kid he must be a 17 or 18
year old kid not very young and he made a tweet
in which they are trying to smoke me
again and such for a funny comment that
says about going blind bear and he made a comment
because I get along with her and from
time to time I put some funny
badge of partying because I
know I want to always think with her that she
says a clip telling me that obviously she
already knows it's a joke and that she laughs and
such and that everything is fine
but that there are always people trying to
put the same
thank you very much
really between content creators and
between people in general because their lives
are [ __ ] I mean it has no more her
life must be very miserable and
you must be a [ __ ] orangutan to not
be able to understand that I mess with people as a
joke I suppose it will also be
a little bit because in part it is
already a bit fashionable to be  against
me it is a bit fashionable to say
terrible things about me or such the kid is
a very young kid who uploaded a
video that I don't know if he posted it in a
bad way like come on I have no unity
because the kid follows me I would be
surprised if he followed me if he didn't
like my content or not or not such but
full art is already mainstream no I think
people do it a bit to form
followers or such because there is nothing that brings
people together more or unites them more than
hate and many times hate even if it
is unjustified towards a person
unites much more and gives followers and the
repercussion much more than your work
because when your work is [ __ ] and
when you don't get anything for your
achievements and for your successes then he tries to
get fame or he tries to get fame and repeat it
always does the same thing of the ossa
look I can tell you that yes it is
silly and that if he has confidence in
her and she allows him and has license
for this joke it is
always worth imagine that I make a
joke on the surf no literally I make
jokes on the Turk the toilet paper
that has the water we have made jokes on the
south with the subject
I sometimes think I would exaggerate when she
cries because of the comments about her body
but then I see this about socas where he
literally sexualizes her and says this
vulgarity about this girl when she's
simply playing if she were
doing it differently let's see if but well
if he has confidence in her and has a
license and it is not known if it bothers the
girl who spends these jokes they already
have up to there allowed in their
habitat these types of jokes nothing happens it
is exemplary I throw it to the south many
times I did not arrive how many times with the
toilet paper the width that makes with the with
the panic all toilet paper I do not
know what no no
only said with such rude words
maybe like the supports if he
collides
but well anyway yes yes it is
true that the chocás has used the
rudest words we
could debate if it is fair or not
fair but it is worse that
a man makes the joke on a woman than a man a man a
woman a woman
is worse it is worse with those words it
is like that we could enter into a debate if
you think it is good or bad that it is worse or that it
is better that there is equality or whatever you
want okay  but it is true
that this one clashes, the words
shock you, okay, but it's not like I
'm saying it with the intention of being
disrespectful or like he knows what
happened to you or from a pool side or like what I'm
saying, entering his privacy, well, but
even so, I support the bible from there to
always using the same ones,
whoever criticizes you is because they are not
successful and because you have much more
money and a very big house and if they don't
talk about you and people don't have
followers, I don't know that this is already reduced to
[ __ ] and here towards clowning
I am to reduce the clowning. Hey,
look, there are people who find
your comment rude and there are those who think it is
a joke, okay, it's okay, it's not a problem, it
's not your saying, repercussions in other
ways and I think that it's a bit what
usually happens when you try to found a place to
smoke constantly and without sense, now to
people, well what happened throughout
the afternoon and morning today is that,
well, I'm trying to smoke
a tweet that already has 300 quotes and
now it will have more because  I'm going to give it some
attention because I got on the dick
the 7th is the next one this kid
uploaded a tweet that says it's this
clip what is this clip let's see it I'm
going to put the yes we care and let's
see the tweet okay you
put a clip of Celine laughing at nothing there's no
joke there's nothing she
's just forming and laughing it's like
this
[Music]
the clip is this
what did you think there's
none she's not laughing at
nothing I mean at least there's no context
to the joke I mean there's no context in the
clip that they sent me she's just
laughing and such I think it was a
compilation or something like that she was laughing
you know what it could be I was
having dinner and I'm also a designer in the
vagina
looking imagining who has a
vibrator in her vagina in her ass
and
the only thing that really
bothers me
[Music]
Jesus says Rivas but that day is
when the clash gets like this when laughing
when he's reacting to his own
clip he laughs so that people see that what he's
doing is funny
okay  I'm telling you it's [ __ ]
if the girl doesn't think it's bad it sounds
rude it sounds a little rude it
sounds a little rude but it's stupid that
any of us who are here right now could have done
criticizing them surely some
joke like that at some point in
our lives okay I mean it's not serious it
bothers me more or
yeah well let's see it bothers me I see myself worse I don't
see worse this nonsense of yours of you consider
criticism because you don't have as much money
as me or you know what it is you have criticism it's
because you're not as successful and you don't have
as many viewers as me like
the goddess there are times when you continue experience
that people criticize to get a
little bit but there is another time that they are
criticizing you because you really deserve
criticism it's not a problem no
and well now we are going to talk about a walk
that was taken tonight okay
this morning I don't know if
my colleagues have talked about this yet my colleagues
but he married or 5 or 6 in the
morning I do
n't know if you know who he is but I
want to feel your body with you mine
because he loves me he doesn't have a name
but he's the tortilla programmer okay
but he's the tortilla programmer and
matt cause  also or rather they are the two
tortilla lahm programmers in the
tortilla land world they are very well known
apparently lohan has exposed
ebro
in such a way that he has been fatal
let's
tell me here on whatsapp that he
has nothing of a programmer according to this
area
and macao
for being with him
came out badly because of the voucher it splashed him
let's see what happens
maybe since we are like this without mincing words
let's say the real
problem of matthäus which is hebron this
kid has no experience setting up
minecraft networks he doesn't seem to have
development knowledge and he is the
leader of the project let's see the
trajectory first of all friends who the
hell uses the minecraft o ps system
having looks pain that
synchronize through my slk by is the cube they
sneak in banner came out from here I'm going to
give you the news a little more or rather
because I can't say it's true how is he
going to use a mysql
when I used an hm3
for my server how indignant how
strong a look bears a looper a lumpen
a genius to whom he hit because he
is on pablo  church is no joke
pablo not only is it insecure it's also
inefficient and a clear rookie mistake I
told them not to use it and removed the
ope for everyone but didn't they make me
we can highlight design flaws in the
server that hit hard on
performance I barely joined the
development team I removed the system
made in the proxy permission of iran with
the proxy boot if it is chat in the proxy
two next dedicated to working on
things that you for renaud see but they didn't
let me touch there is a lot of
essence to the anti crack
so without translating okay
something that I never forgave was when ruth
entered the server and the web map
was not accessible because the firewall did not
allow access to the map you know that the
disk map is very important something that they
blamed me and it was mr. h but I
had put the public ip of the server
where the network interface went okay to
fix that temporarily they asked me to
disable the fire in the firewall
completely and by asked I mean you
know who imagine that negligence of
protecting the entire machine where
the ips are stored
imagine if a law had been created the
ips of the  streamer
oh right it already happened
and the worst thing was that it wasn't a hack or anything
like that,
literally Mr. H grabbed a log
from the tortilla server, the ANP because it
had an error that he didn't know how to fix and it
turns out that in that file that he uploaded to
a forum were all those IPs. Does
this have to do with the subject, I don't think so,
not about the squid game and all that, I don't
think so, let's see, it
could be,
no,
what a coincidence,
the neck combo goes up
how the hell
could it be but since it already went to a forum,
dude,
look, it's one of the
lightest tricks and with the most retweets, you know how
strong,
nothing, total indignation, I'm sorry but you
have to realize that with this
guy you're not going to get anywhere with
more chaos and this is not a whim I
made it public so that everyone can see how
negligent this
person is and that they should be careful if they are going to
hire him. I want to emphasize that everything
said here is public information that
can be obtained from more chaos because there is
no protection against tap, complete
a form of belo plugin installed on
the server, everything said here is
public and I do not use  my admin role
to obtain it will
probably get me in trouble for
saying this but working on more cases
was my first bad work experience
for privacy and for the project I will not give
details but what I suffered being there is
nameless and I am very
indignant all my work in the trash
has nothing to do with it just in case I
love him very much and I appreciate a lot
that he invited me I risk a lot
doing this to make him angry with me
invite us to more projects but my limit was
exceeded and like every human being I also
have feelings both in my
programming team and the
tweet moderators have resigned a while ago to more
chaos I stayed because I had hope
recently I received the last mistreatment that I
could tolerate and decide I also
hope the best for the server but I will
not be on it
macao it is the blond server do not
look at these look at everything we worked
with the programming team for what
they have all the garbage and that they decided to
use essence the mapei losing is
over the blond server
that has also been in a bad place
because the garbage of what has happened here has splashed on it
because  they have the
same team
lol
well since nothing stops me from talking
about the macau issue let's start
talking about the mismanagement of
ebro
all the misfortune that happens in marked
was caused by ever or instead of
staying on the servers with mod he
wanted to abuse the blond's trust and
take money from him, which he achieved without
problems he doesn't know how to manage a
large server how he chews or what leads to
this situation he wants to take all the
credit which leads him to treat us like
garbage and not let us make changes
the money can be lost you can
get it later but not the time it is
a complete lack of respect what
verón is doing so much so that
even some of his team have
retired for wanting to take all the
money and fame from the series that
makes up a project with thousands of
dollars invested wasted in this
way just because of your negligence it should
be reported you thought that using
public plugins and old versions of minecraft
was the solution well your work is not that bad
that a lobby with 3 gigs
and no players ran out of ram a
world map with 30 gigs of ram
successfully killing the alien that doesn't
even have remains or  villagers to be a fan
and be careful that to enter the world map
you have to pay in patriotic to play a
mode without
fundamental characteristics is so professional that you
are they cannot use a terminal and
you have to install multi craft
wasting resources and
exposing a way to control the
servers
you know there was yesterday it seemed super strange to me
that when someone was asked about
tortilla he changed his face a little and
said that for the 2 there was a lot left that it
was not even in development yet and
before he already confirmed it and curious that within
hours this comes out man evidently
now he will be informed of the subject but it
will not count like this if this person does not come out
to expose things
that he was seeing behind the team
these rolls are not going to put it now
since it has been made public that
surely he will say something give some
explanation and whoever is to blame not
whoever is to blame that someone
comes out frog camas and 800 to pronounce I have already
said many of you ask me what I think
about what is happening on twitter with the
ebro issue and frankly I prefer not to
say anything publicly what I have had to
say I have already said in private and to
the people to whom I had to say it
done
to my person well I'm not wrong but if you
had something good to say it would be
fine to say it
okay
then
Auro would be affected exactly and
Rubio another one would be
negligent
if you are not capable of carrying something don't carry it
hey look I'm not capable hey look I need
help and especially when you're
working with people no longer because of the
repercussions that it has on itself because you're
working with people who are not going to
set limits on personnel and expenses
so if you need help if you're not
capable of something hey then let them
give you the help let them put
someone who gave you a hand you're
working with people who I also
know are not people who are
bad bosses bad payers something I
tell you like damn well doing things
right the tricksters
fame and money often what it
brings
in another order of things and as the last
topic of the live okay because I'm going to go
with the family for a while I
wanted to tell you a little about the controversy in
London yesterday
that from such a big nonsense what they get
out of just to have a
very good do-gooderism and political well-being
and I don't know if the microphone has  got that but there's
an incredible storm I was thinking of
going down with the family but but watch out watch out
a game this storm I don't know if there's going to be
able to be there voices of Marbella is an
account that became quite popular
when Marbella because the truth is that it
reported quite a lot during the day about everything that
was happening in Marbella not only
in Marbella but in another series like
in another series of other events such as for
example the squid game tournament
I remember that they were reporting
everything when they handled me with little things about
the game no and yesterday they put up this tweet it is
reported that El Hondón is no longer safe it is
recommended that girls walk in
pairs especially at night it's
nonsense
literally
literally if that's the case if there's
a murderer if there's a kidnapper
if there's something like that then we're all
going to want to protect our
women our daughters also
our men and our uncles but
above all women are protected more
because it's scarier because they are more
vulnerable or whatever no and had to
rectify here it doesn't seem that the
attacks are not directed exclusively
at women we are informed that Jorge
Blanco Jorgito has also  been the victim
of an attack
or rather outside of the role okay, you are asked to
remember that it is only a game and that
a recreation of Jack the
Ripper is being done, man let's see, let's see,
don't [ __ ] with me and here comes the official account
of El Hondo,
the official account of El Hondo from the
London administration we want to
deny this information at no
time has what this account says been surrounded
and we ask that from
now on you inform yourself before touching on
such a sensitive subject, holy god you have an
account there that is doing a wonderful job
because the truth is that account, its
wonderful work without lying and without
disrespecting or anything like that it
does a job that maybe it should
be the official account of El Hondo, damn it, you are
going to scold him
because he has told a role that is being
done, what has he said that is wrong, I
recommend that girls go out in
pairs, that they go accompanied,
he recommends that girls go
accompanied especially at night, what
is the problem with
you, your mothers, your
girlfriends, your daughters, would
not protect her and
if it was being rumored that in the
city  there is some kind of danger I wouldn't go with them to
places I wouldn't
pick them up and I wouldn't let them go, let them not go
alone anywhere you know what the
[ __ ] really that Logan can half
milk
we are talking about roles there are
murder roles there are
drug dealer roles what happens if a role
of a dangerous person at night
offer did it is well
in the end we are falling into things we are
falling into things you
are screwing up a bit the
experience of the followers of
the role not yesterday I finished my
toilet paper reserve for the cob and from crying so much
now how do I protect myself from Kobe x
of not being interested thank you for so much
respect and affection for your character and rolle
or we enjoyed it very much my character
or the network today afternoon of chill after
yesterday's tremendous roll congratulations
for that interpretation
a good sunday extreme all reborn 36
hard 3 you need it 6 respect I
need it in the csic
is that maybe some of you remember us
named in spain every day I marked 9
6 7 hours the string every day playing
conway there
came a point where the  character
ate me the
character ate me
the character ate me I completely disconnected I
did everything possible to detach myself
because it was eating me up you know
when I was on stream I didn't know who the
[ __ ] I was I didn't know if I was
good
because here
there's an
impressive storm in Seville since it's scary
and the dog is lying there on the terrace
all alone I mean it's not raining we
would be hitting each other he would be asking to
come in but he's not scared of anything
nor am I late in the storm
53 29 and I
thought they had sent me the wrong 23 29 roll that has been generated from the administration which is what they say with the clowns of the word the tweet of the one that indicates that women should go out as a couple is false information at no time will any police
or anyone take it and say hey
women want to go down no I don't even deplore
recommendation no not a [ __ ] joke
enough for her in the real world to
put it in here with a shoehorn
and I don't play with these
things don't get lost not a [ __ ] [ __ ]
Antonio how will these things be not a
[ __ ] [ __ ]
we have no intervention in
these things, I
mean, we have no room for
intervention nor do we have an
administrative performance as such, but there are
things that are not
and this is one of them,
but those are things that are covered up, but what is it
that is not counted, it has not been done with
bad intentions, there is a role of someone who, I think,
is a murderer, at night, at night,
by day, that is,
they have played the bad guy, of
course, because I think that what they have
given to understand is that they would be
doing it, you see, it is like it
is already a gut,
okay, then of course, what they do not want, that is
worth it, to understand is that they would be
doing it at night, and
that with that you and there are people who can
understand that they are talking to you about
protecting women because there was a
cloud,
that is, of course, they are murders, obviously, I mean,
literally, if I
remember correctly, it
is prohibited to do sexual roles,
London, if I remember correctly, you would have to
look at it, but I think it was
prohibited to be a sexual role,
what can I
tell you? One thing remains a
sensitive issue, but if there is a
role of murder, if there is a role of
people trafficking drugs,
kidnappings, and I don't know what,
in the end I don't understand why, some
crimes  and other crimes because all
the crimes seem serious to me, no, I
mean, and a very serious crime too, no,
but well, they will have their reasons, I
imagine they will be for ideological reasons,
cancellations, well-being, and they are within their
right to set the rules, the same ones
we spoke about the other times, it is not their
right to set the rules they want,
maybe they will be because of
past experiences, I don't know, I imagine it
is abnormal, it would not always be there because
I want to remember that in Marbella there was a
role of people sleeping together or things like that, I don't
imagine they will have their reasons in which we
see each other, I am not going to get involved and
they will know their
story but I do not consider that the
thriller had any bad
intentions, if I have interpreted it
wrong, then a clarification is made and it is more
than enough,
given sexual roles of any kind, it does not
matter to me, it is
prohibited, it is
prohibited in the norm, the sexual role and
as, well, imagine why,
why,
but that it will have its that it will be based on
bad experiences that they have had
on
some occasion, they
will have their reasons but they do not
know what to do, a murder and a
kidnapping, kidnapping of a  woman to a
child or whoever
and the second thing about these things is that there's no way I shouldn't talk about
sensitive issues like that there's no way I do
n't know better with that and I assure you
from what I know it's not indicated at any
time that women go as a couple
and such
let's see if women are more
vulnerable
well it's normal
that maybe it would be hey please don't
go alone be careful you
know be careful all
citizens
okay maybe a man there are
women who are stronger than
men we could enter into that debate
but it's absurd that in the case that
there are women who know kung fu there are six
women who know how to defend themselves better than
men there's a scheme or a way of
thinking like crazy but let's say the
march goes vice a ridiculous
look you know I'm going to get wet
surely a sector of twitter probably unites me with a
woman of her support because what
because I know that what I say is true
look yesterday in London there was a role that
I honestly didn't do it or even knew what
I got into with the police and continue
a very strange thing was set up on twitter
because of course  really the role was not the
role for what I was asking that
I was very informed was how they talked
about that in the voice account is
where guide is from okay it is not from the staff
said the person who called that said as if it
was an attack only on women let's see as far as
I know he was not focused on
women is that he did not say that it is
recommended that women go
accompanied nowadays
the sale of
illegal substances and murders should not be normalized
but it is roll then do not watch series and
movies
of course you should see what we are talking about that
then what happens then let us
surround any crime we are going to end up in
that area there will
be no crime more harmful than others of
course there will be
man tomorrow a kidnapping or
abduction the woman a murder an
assault are things all everything everything is
all that century all the delicate then as
long as we do not go over the
line
as long as we do not go over the
what example could you tell me heavy that is
going over the line well that maybe
a v would be sold
as something fun
and as something good and as something normal in
white and this is what there is you have  what the
[ __ ] with this
and
as long as it is treated as what it is
and even if it wasn't there it is fiction let
me explain there were people that I don't even
tweets that you can see in the aforementioned
that said how did they get in to see this not to
remember what we women go through let's
see it
really is the peak of hypocrisy and let
me explain why there
are people who made these comments that
follow characters that literally
bully others in the game, I mean but let me
explain but it is understood that they make
fun of it is fiction of course I don't know if I
explain myself chad you for bullying
a character in gta 5 like you know
that would be his personality
no no it's not that you are a bully you
understand me you understand that it is not like that and you
laugh at the situation because you have to laugh
if both people agree
outside of the game they let themselves go without
limits but
limit I mean with the audience
27 months without care but without limits
half that is in the flights yes but what
would be the line that we could not allow
the audience that would not be tolerable
because the limit would be something that is
disrespectful
something that was  outrageous for the
viewer and for society
what I know is that a
serious thing will be taken as a joke in a way
that it will be downplayed as if it were
treated in a way that the kids would
find it funny something
fun something that has to be that way I do
n't know if I explain myself
racism is that racism can exist in
a role
a person who is a brother-in-law who is
playing the role of a brutal insane person
a handful that messes with women
that messes with
gays that mess with people of
light race of
light color no
despite the fact that there are things that can be
murky
like for example what happened with the boy from Elche
who made a comment that was as if he
was playing a pedophile do you
remember I think it was there no that it was a
boy who was in a car and he was saying
some dirty thing to Aroy and so the role of
a girl until it has become murky the truth
be that it makes things murky
caba tours European mule of the sexual role was
prohibited by direct orders you can
see clips of saving saying that they don't
like them and no  they want long dan criticized
de jotamario as much as possible for what he
did in Marbella and here he already said that there have
been advances for ex roles in the wave I
don't know if it's wise what's wise
if I'm a bit of a pain I
think that for many people they won't
agree with me
but it's a bit of a pain
and already for example a bit of a pain I wouldn't
like those roles to be allowed
for example
although on the other hand
the word sex of children should never
go hand in
hand neither
in
interpretations nor in anything but of course
if we put it like that it depends on whether you're
taking the role very seriously you're
doing it in a safe way because of
course there are movies no maybe there are
movies that maybe they can
expose you to sick people do what I
tell you of course I do
n't know I imagine it depends on the
way if you're doing it for laughs no
but if you're doing it as something
key to expose a reality hey it's
something that a movie is anyway it wouldn't
depend it would
depend you
have to put a threshold where the
good and the bad are yes I think it would depend on
the context and the way
a pain role was being played and behind
laughs  Well maybe that's not true anymore,
if I was doing it seriously because I
was playing the sick person
and it's a movie that you're making,
well, but not treated as a laugh, as
if it were something funny and you laugh, you're
laughing, so while she does it
[Music] it
was laughable, it was laughable,
that was the big problem, I think,
leaving and it's made a little for that
too to discount and it's as if, for
example, a kid from my community takes it and
says that it offends him when I
only play characters that
traffic drugs with all the
problems that drug trafficking causes, I mean,
literally everything that is London
wine is wrong, under be Prebisch, to everything,
already this nonsense of no, this doesn't offend me,
this, no, I don't know where it is or knowing that it has, it
could offend and you don't like it, but
you can't say
that it's wrong and the other thing, no, because if it
is that she is really being hypocritical, you
understand me because literally not
even Walking the Walking Dead could exist, it
's a series that has some
incredible sexist touches, maybe Walking Dead now, but
those series from a long time ago, I come to
who now  and analyze the
comments that are in that series
to analyze the comments that that
series makes, many characters of course but it is a
character who is a guy who is understood to
be a sexist of course not how many
times to denaro adds up that women are
weak that they could not survive and it
depends on the professionalism and seriousness
of the role of
course it depends on how the subject is taken you are
making a movie you are
doing the interpretation it is a role
you know if you are doing it and then the
next one is laughing you know as if it were
something
funny and I
understand that there may be things that
offend certain people more
obviously not you
now for example the example the
problems that drug trafficking brings yes of
course but it does not cause the same
trauma to the one who has suffered a crime or the one who
has suffered one thing that has suffered
another okay understand that point too
but I think the point is whether it
is seriously surrounding
if it is seriously surrounding you are
interpreting a movie there should not be
any kind of limit
okay
but we are also aware of the
audience that the London crimes have
we are not aware of who the audience
of Aurum Play is, who the audience of I do
not know
this type of audience has but  we are
aware that there are a lot of kids
and such,
so for example the issue is from
last year of
course there the issue was that the issue was
that the guy was laughing while
the joke was going on
the issue was about the guy the guy was
laughing while the
joke was going on that already what no if you are serious doing a serious role it is a movie is hey listen be careful really with this guy this guy is sick the problem I think I remember was that the guys kind of laughed in the Chinese
don't be a couple of years old grandpa but but I
think that around there it was shady
in the tur bills
in super sexist comments in
walking dead' it is the same I mean
really if you get offended by that
really the movie dexter could not exist
or I mean the series dexter
cannot exist at all there could not be
references to them saw in any
movie since there is a reference to
a movie a plane I mean the
word because he declared there is not in a
movie there is
the problem look see if you understand
the point the problem for me
would be if you are in a serious role in a role
a movie okay there may be a v there
may be  a v be
careful with this person who is a cloud
the problem is that you put aside the ub and
in your 2.0 led camera without luck it is a
laugh or you laugh or you
rape her
there are 22 m 30
for me that would be the only limit
for saying or something
if a serious roll is being done none
if you are doing it as a joke as
a joke not
for me that would be the point
you saying it does
not mean that the guys who make the
[ __ ] series are a boyfriend you understand me
but I do not know I will explain it to you what the [ __ ] the
series is not for three reasons I really
think that you have to know how to distinguish apart from that
equally word sir the role more
than the roles and it was not even
focused on cials it was not even
focused on making only attacks on
women like with the clown who attacked
up to two or three men but what really
gets my balls is people with
the double standard of saying this
pisses me off because it is wrong and this is not what does piss
you off one thing that is exactly the
same as another for example me being
control
rep try represents that I cannot say it
because it has not come out yet this  everything but
you know that troy's past has to
do with something
that is literally simple it's unthinkable
he has done things that you can say
carola you are a [ __ ] sick person literally no
but it is what it is let me explain what it is it is
fiction it is the series I
mean publicly you cannot open a
flix the person who complains about that
cannot watch netflix and that they cannot that you cannot it
is as if for example
cormac who is a gentleman another
me for example I am going to be totally
honest with you me for example troy
is the typical character that would not make
much sense to accept that his daughter
is prescribed to him no but you are not going to
like women of course no but I
have decided to do it in the sense
that I accept it and that's it because I like to
do it in the sense of making
visible that power that there may be
people who understand it at that age and there are
no but it is and if I don't do it what happens does that mean that
I do not accept it no
man I mean it's because it makes sense you know
what I mean what I mean is it is what it is
just what we just
talk about served characters who
made racist comments comment
sexist okay that a character
[Music]
how could we search last year
could it be done
how could we locate last year
this was the style
of doing a fine job the one
out of place look at it you have
sent the clean pile it
is not a moment but light his had in the
background karma the and you are not going to see it
with me go ahead well a little bit let's
see
okay I want to see it from this perspective
p esp euro crazy how disgusting is
that
esqueda chorus
p esp that account does not exist yet does not exist
is the way it is to meet families
like they are to
know if the role is serious
spam moment and remember that you can
subscribe to javi
if now you can go see this one
that you have sent me a lot okay I don't
know what is going on
but you have criticized me a lot this
man that I have no idea who he is
in sight in my car
too
and do a fine job
spam moment and remember that you can
subscribe to the hub that gave you he was laughing
while he was doing that role dude
he did it  that gave things
if it were a serious character he
laughed while that is what clashed
in what clashed and I already tell you what that
is where I think the point would be
you will know girls I do not know what happened what happens
what happens what happens what happens there is
a bad vibe in the chat there is
a bad vibe you know fought someone
who has
happened girl thing well
the check is here we leave you with
the thing okay I'm
going to go
with my children family
are surrounding someone is living around
there is living is already living
strong and listening so the poor
jerk is going to have to wait for his
walk
family we see the people we
see each other see each other later today has lived
in the main house we are pending I
think that she herself will have it for me I
think that
at night man now if it is
raining and in the end I am not going to do what was going to
be at night the same I go
to
[Music]
hotels to the pse or does live okay so
nothing unless it is that one of
something important
look look
or I mean what crazy miniature has been done
air
wow for the mayor main there were
directors to the ceo man let's see if he is  It's
raining and I'm not going to make the plans
that I was going to make because I was going to go out with the
family and with my parents and all that, but with
the day like this and I doubt it so much, the
day if I doubt it then if I don't go out if
around 9 or so I will
most likely go live, people,
see you, a big hug
[Music]